So in the last trimester women
will often again feel a bit more tired.
They'll be more likely to get
things like an aching back.
Indigestion is more
common in the last trimester.
Cramps in in the
calf for example.
are more common
and generally women will be moving slower
and needing a little bit more rest
the reflux started, and the
shortness of breath started, and..
The fatigue came
back a little bit and the..
Night waking changed
I was up a lot needing the bathroom
and you know,those sorts of things
i was planning on
working up until four weeks.
Before my due date and
i think i stopped at around
eight.
Before
eight weeks before my due date
just because..
I was so big , i was finding myself
to be really really uncomfortable.
Also during that
time i was quite..
insecure about the way i was feeling.
And just being so big and..
also being so young like..
I didn't
feel like
twenty one year old
should feel at that time
i really liked the third trimester
just.
She was she's not throwing up.
She was definitely
you know bigger
but i.
I thought she looked
she was glowing she is really
beautiful at the time
your appointments at the hospital start
to increase so you go from monthly to
fortnightly to wakely they start to do more
tests so you may have diabetes check you
might have ..
More blood tests, you might have..
What's called a..
group strep b test.
And that's normally
the last couple of weeks
the movement of the baby's really important
that we now know that the mother's the
best judge of that
so if your baby's be moving fantastically
and then suddenly it's moving a lot less
and you're worried.
Never ignore it,
always ask a health professional.
Cause your baby's movements are
the best indicator the babie's well
a lot of the thoughts in
the third trimester around.
The birth winding up work.
You've been working
woman perhaps all your life
and now suddenly
that identity is changing
that can be very confronting for
some women and they really go through..
A sense of grief and what will their
identity be in the future
it was that whole..
Me comparing myself to other people
and like my pregnancy compared to
other people's pregnancies
that i really really
struggled with
the other thing women often during
the last trimester which is very sweet.
is nest
and if you don't nest,
don't get anxious either
because some women
go through it all and don't
give it another thought.
It's kind of the
wind up phase before..
Before you've got to really
look after someone else so..
It's
it's a hard time because
cause while you think you're ready
you're never going to be
ready untill it's there
it was very very draining
during the.. Last trimester it was.
Organizing the baby shower making sure
you know we had creams, wraps.
It was all of that and your mind is just
continuously going a thousand miles an hour
i had some good friends that..
Have had babies previously and..
A friend that had a baby
a few months before
and.
I had Austin and so that
would really good cause
i would understand those
feelings that i was having
just being ready for
the baby to come and..
You know.
And.
Understanding how
uncomfortable it's and..
also about some of
the expectations and..
apprehensions i guess about..
looking after a newborn
family and friends are really important
when you're pregnant because especially..
emotionally because you can share feelings
it's also a good time when a lot of girls
will have the baby shower or oh.
You know you can catch up with friends
I found it incredible to have that support
not of
not only of my family but of
a lot of my friends and even..
Some of Eric's friends as well
I'll often say that the largest
organ involved in childbirth is the brain.
So we have to address it a lot
and we have to support women a lot
I found at the end of the
pregnancy
it's like your body just
kicks into something and
you don't even care, for me i was like
i don't even care i just want this baby out
that was actually really good shift because
then i stopped becoming scared i guess if
the birth
and more excited that yup.
He was coming out and i was
going to get to meet him at the end.